Scheduler readme documentation (#281)
ogcio/life-events: apps/scheduler-api/README.md

| http_callback_timeout_ms | Time in milliseconds to give each web hook callback to respond before cancelling and regard as a failure.                                                                        |
| select_size              | Maximum amount of rows to process at a time.                                                                                                                                     |
| max_retries              | Maximum amount of retries a row get before becoming stale.                                                                                                                       |

### Example

Enqueue a callback

```javascript
fetch(new URL("/api/v1/tasks", <scheduler host:port>).href, {
    method: POST,
    body: JSON.stringify({
        webhookUrl: `your.client.handler/jobs/${someId}`,
        webhookAuth: "...",
        executeAt: new Date().toISOString()
    })
})
```

Example handlers

Take full responsibility for process

```javascript
someApp.Post(
  "your.client.handler/jobs/:id",
  async function jobHandler(req, res) {
    const id = req.params.id;
    void doSomethingReallyLengthy(id);
  },
);
```

> Recall same endpoint after a day, to simulate a cron like behaviour

Author: ```suggestion
Recall same endpoint after an interval, to simulate a cron like behaviour
```

| select_size              | Maximum amount of rows to process at a time.                                                                                                                                     |
| max_retries              | Maximum amount of retries a row get before becoming stale.                                                                                                                       |

### Example

Enqueue a callback

```javascript
fetch(new URL("/api/v1/tasks", <scheduler host:port>).href, {
    method: POST,
    body: JSON.stringify({
        webhookUrl: `your.client.handler/jobs/${someId}`,
        webhookAuth: "...",
        executeAt: new Date().toISOString()
    })
})
```

Example handlers

Take full responsibility for process

```javascript
someApp.Post(
  "your.client.handler/jobs/:id",
  async function jobHandler(req, res) {
    const id = req.params.id;
    void doSomethingReallyLengthy(id);
  },
);
```

Recall same endpoint to simulate a cron like behaviour

```javascript
someApp.Post(
  "your.client.handler/jobs/:id",
  async function jobHandler(req, res) {
    const id = req.params.id;
    await logic(id);

>     fetch(...same original call with execute at now() + arbitrary unit of time)

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether this pseudo code is better or worse than just a comment. Maybe worth seeing what the others think as well

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to have sample with the actual fetch url.
